[All Hosts] (browsers) Information about supporting/testing add-ins with IE 11 (#2702)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/ie-11-testing.md

---
title: Internet Explorer 11 testing
description: 'Test your Office Add-in on Internet Explorer 11.'
ms.date: 05/19/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Test your Office Add-in on Internet Explorer 11

> If you plan to market your add-in in AppSource or you plan to support certain older versions of Windows and Office, you must test the add-in using the embeddable web view control that is based on Internet Explorer 11 (called "Trident"). You can use a command line to switch from more modern runtimes used by add-ins to the Internet Explorer 11 runtime for this testing. For information about which versions of Windows and Office use the Internet Explorer 11 web view control, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).

Reviewer: Here's the same text I suggested in an earlier comment to avoid "Trident":
```suggestion
If you plan to market your add-in through AppSource or you plan to support older versions of Windows and Office, your add-in must work in the embeddable browser control that is based on Internet Explorer 11 (IE11). You can use a command line to switch from more modern runtimes used by add-ins to the Internet Explorer 11 runtime for this testing. For information about which versions of Windows and Office use the Internet Explorer 11 web view control, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Internet Explorer 11 does not support JavaScript versions later than ES5. If you want to use the syntax and features of ECMAScript 2015 or later, you have two options:
>
> - Write your code in ECMAScript 2015 (also called ES6) or later JavaScript, or in TypeScript, and then compile your code to ES5 JavaScript using a compiler such as [babel](https://babeljs.io/) or [tsc](https://www.typescriptlang.org/index.html).

> > - Write in ECMAScript 2015 or later JavaScript, but also load a [polyfill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyfill_(programming)) library such as [core-js](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js) that enables IE to run your code.

Reviewer: I like this bulletpoint summary. Consider pulling it into the other article about supporting IE11.

Author: Well, these two bullets appear in at least 3 articles and they are always followed by a sentence referring readers to the supporting IE 11 article for more details. So, I don't think we want to repeat these bullets in the more detailed article itself.

>
> For more information about these options, see [Support Internet Explorer 11](../develop/support-ie-11.md).
>
> Also, Internet Explorer 11 does not support some HTML5 features such as media, recording, and location.

> [!NOTE]

> > To test how your add-in runs in Office on the web in Internet Explorer, simply open Office on the web in Internet Explorer and [sideload the add-in](create-a-network-shared-folder-catalog-for-task-pane-and-content-add-ins.md).

Reviewer: Some suggestions for brevity and clarity about the browser testing (instead of the embedded browser control).
```suggestion
> To test your add-in on the Internet Explorer 11 browser, open Office on the web in Internet Explorer and [sideload the add-in](create-a-network-shared-folder-catalog-for-task-pane-and-content-add-ins.md).
```

## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (the latest [LTS](https://nodejs.org/about/releases) version)

These instructions assume you have set up a Yo Office generator project before. If you haven't done this before, consider reading a quick start, such as [this one for Excel add-ins](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-jquery.md).

## Switching to the Internet Explorer 11 webview

1. Create a Yo Office generator project. It doesn't matter what kind of project you select, this tooling will work with all project types.

    > [!NOTE]
    > If you have an existing project and want to add this tooling without creating a new project, skip this step and move to the next step. 

> 1. In the root folder of your project, run the following in the command line. (This example assumes that your project's manifest file is in the root. If it isn't, specify the relative path to the manifest file.) You should see a message in the command line that the web view type is now set to IE.

Reviewer: I don't think you need the parentheses here.

```suggestion
1. In the root folder of your project, run the following in the command line. This example assumes that your project's manifest file is in the root. If it isn't, specify the relative path to the manifest file. You should see a message in the command line that the web view type is now set to IE.
```

    ```command&nbsp;line
    npx office-addin-dev-settings webview manifest.xml ie
    ```

> [!TIP]

> > It isn't necessary to use this command, but it should help debug the majority of issues related to the Internet Explorer 11 runtime. For complete robustness, you should test using computers with various combinations of Windows 7, 8, and 10 and various versions of Office. For more information, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).

Reviewer: Should we link to that article about getting older versions of Office from here?
